Happy Birthday
Oh.
Yaoyao
Although it has been a week since your birthday
But this is the first time my father has celebrated Yaoyao's birthday with him
Yaoyao, are you happy?
Thanks, Dad.
Yaoyao loves you oops baby I love you too
Okay, Yaoyao, let's cut the cake
Cut the cake cut the cake pair
Cut the cake
Because you didn't come
Mom will be remarried by me selling the company
We will have an earthquake
Mom will die
20 years ago, you cared about yourself
You will kill your own cow
Breeze
I want you to live forever in regret and loneliness
I Hate You
Yaoyao
I owe you more than 20 years of birthdays
Dad finally made it up
Wang Xu, don't worry.
I will definitely protect you for the rest of my life
Breeze
To sleep
OK
Qin Feng
Oh, thank you kindly.
This is what I owe you mother and daughter.
What should Qingfeng do with the next gorgeous phone?
Is it mass-produced and put on the market?
Your current magnificent equipment and technology
No way to achieve mass production
that
What to do then?
We can ask the National Academy of Sciences to help.
They have state-of-the-art equipment
National Academy of Sciences
How can the Academy of Sciences help us?
Did you forget my phone?
How are they made?